Hello and welcome.
My name is Gonzalo Bravo,
and I'm a professor of Sport Management
in the School of Sport Sciences at West
Virginia University.
For the past 20 years,
I have the privilege of teaching and
research levels for policy and governance,
and today I'm excited to welcome you to
the Executive Sport Management Training
Level 1.
This training was designed with a clear
purpose to provide you with a strong
foundations in modern sport management.
We will explore new perspectives and
innovative approaches,
draw from the best practice of sport
leaders in the United States and around
the world.
Over the next 8 weeks,
you will be immersed in the fascinated
world of sport,
particularly from the perspective of the
sport managers and administrators who are
responsible for creating and enhancing
conditions that make sports safe,
meaningful and enjoyable for everyone
involved.
Whether it is organizing grassroots
initiatives, managing school programs,
or delivering major international events,
sport managers are the architects behind
this powerful experiences.
But as many of you know,
none of this happens by chance.
Behind every successful sporting
initiative, it's hard work, dedications,
and highly specialized knowledge.
And that's exactly what this training is
all about.
We hope this training will keep you with
that essential knowledge and for those of
you with experience,
we hope it really energizes and inspires
you to keep learning and growing in your
career.
This program is the result of a long
standing and value collaborations between
West Virginia University and the Sport
Leaders Institute of Zimbabwe,
led by our friend and colleague Mr.
Marazza Russell Mitibidi.
Thanks to the new technologies,
this training has been developed, created,
and produced by a dedicated team of
experts from both institutions.
Above all,
we sincerely hope this training
contributes to advancing sport education
across Africa and inspires you to
continue building a meaningful and
impactful career in sport.
Welcome to this trainings and let the
journey begin.
My name is Cindy Lee and I'm a professor
of Sport Management in the School of
Sport Sciences at West Virginia
University.
For the past 20 years,
I have been teaching and conducting
research in the areas of sports marketing,
consumer behavior, and sports finance.
I'm happy to welcome you to the Executive
Sports Management Training Level 1.
As Doctor Bravo mentioned earlier in this
video,
this training program is an initiative we
have developed in collaboration with the
Sports Leaders Institute of Zimbabwe.
When we build this course,
we intentionally adapted and designed the
content to the to be relevant and
meaningful to your cultural and
professional context in Africa while
preserving the core contents.
We are mindful of the cultural
differences between the United States and
your setting,
and our goal is for you to apply these
core concepts in a way that fits your
environment.
The Executive Sports Management Training
Level 1 consists of four micro courses.
Micro Course 1 explores the fascinating
world of sports facilities and event
management,
introducing key principles and practices
for effective operations.
Micro Course 2 focuses on financial
management,
covering essential tools and strategies
for sound financial decision making.
Micro Course 3 dives into sports
marketing utilizing foundational
marketing tools and strategies tailored
to the sports industry.
Lastly,
Micro Course for addresses sports
organization management,
exploring managerial theories and their
application to sports organizations.
The training runs for eight weeks for
four micro courses.
To complete the program,
you must successfully complete at least
three of the four micro courses.
For each micro courses you complete,
you were on a digital batch.
Upon completing of three micro courses,
you will receive a Diploma of Completion
jointly issued by West Virginia
University and the Sports Leaders
Institute of Zimbabwe.
We hope you enjoy this training and find
it valuable and inspiring.
Thank you so much.